steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
hate it because it 's lousy .
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
while american adobo has its heart -lrb- and its palate -rrb- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
seems like someone going through the motions .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
well-meant but unoriginal .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
any rock pile will do for a set .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
-lrb- a -rrb- mess .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
odd and weird .
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
a non-mystery mystery .
all mood and no movie .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
idiotic and ugly .
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
just send it to cranky .
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
i did n't laugh .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
a cartoon ?
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .
a mess .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
tends to plod .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
this is just lazy writing .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
wewannour money back , actually .
a noble failure .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
wait to see it then .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
if only it had the story to match .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
-lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
i ca n't recommend it .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
they just do n't work in concert .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .
woefully pretentious .
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
woody , what happened ?
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
... a pretentious mess ...
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
... too sappy for its own good .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
terminally brain dead production .
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
thoroughly awful .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
dramatically lackluster .
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
the action clichés just pile up .
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
... a bland , pretentious mess .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
no laughs .
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
the script ?
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
a major waste ... generic .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
you 'll cry for your money back .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .
unwieldy contraption .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it 's pauly shore awful .
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
it labours as storytelling .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
a high-minded snoozer .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
a dreary movie .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
the film is all over the place , really .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
nothing about this movie works .
the biggest problem i have -lrb- other than the very sluggish pace -rrb- is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -lrb- but -rrb- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
... a pretentious mess ...
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
the film is flat .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
a doa dud from frame one .
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
an infuriating film .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
enough said , except : film overboard !
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
... a confusing drudgery .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
you could hate it for the same reason .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
an opportunity missed .
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
a grating , emaciated flick .
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
disjointed parody .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name .
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
-lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
but here 's a movie about it anyway .
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .
-lrb- johnnie to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .
should have gone straight to video .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
