without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
what i saw , i enjoyed .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
-lrb- the film -rrb- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
compellingly watchable .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
ferrara 's best film in years .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
but it 's worth the concentration .
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
it 's that good .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
there is greatness here .
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
what 's next ?
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
the script is smart , not cloying .
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
it 's worth taking the kids to .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
but not without cheesy fun factor .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
viva le resistance !
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
even the digressions are funny .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
a quaint , romanticized rendering .
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
manages to delight without much of a story .
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
daring and beautifully made .
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
zoom !
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
familiar but utterly delightful .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance .
both damning and damned compelling .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
worth a look as a curiosity .
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
bon appétit !
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
a moving , if uneven , success .
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
spiderman rocks
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
i liked it just enough .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
a three-hour cinema master class .
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
yes .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb- depending upon where you live -rrb- , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
it 's up to -lrb- watts -rrb- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
quietly engaging .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
i like it .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
best indie of the year , so far .
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
a surprisingly funny movie .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
that storytelling has value can not be denied .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
a marvel of production design .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
by turns very dark and very funny .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
prepare to marvel again .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
in fact , even better .
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
poignant and funny .
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
