steve oedekerk is , alas , no woody allen .
deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet\/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
a sentimental mess that never rings true .
ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
it 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
hate it because it 's lousy .
it recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
daughter from danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
opera on film is never satisfactory .
it has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
there 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
it 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
it 's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
while american adobo has its heart -lrb- and its palate -rrb- in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
a visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
seems like someone going through the motions .
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
the milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
we can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
how about surprising us by trying something new ?
billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
well-meant but unoriginal .
a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs. robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
any rock pile will do for a set .
so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
-lrb- a -rrb- mess .
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
odd and weird .
i 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
a non-mystery mystery .
all mood and no movie .
dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
there are now two signs that m. night shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : unbreakable and signs .
trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
a film which presses familiar herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
a bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
fred schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
idiotic and ugly .
schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
... a low rate annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
lisa rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but love liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
the entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
it 's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .
this little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
there 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
just send it to cranky .
the author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
lacks dramatic punch and depth .
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
never inspires more than an interested detachment .
there 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
if there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
i did n't laugh .
michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story .
a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
a predictable , manipulative stinker .
the film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
more intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
there 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
a cartoon ?
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than -lrb- writer-director -rrb- franc .
some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs. sever , were made for the palm screen .
a mess .
busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
for its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
tends to plod .
schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
loosely speaking , we 're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , deuces wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
this is just lazy writing .
an even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -lrb- or worth rooting against , for that matter -rrb- .
there 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when carol kane appears on the screen .
it 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
i 've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
the narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
wewannour money back , actually .
a noble failure .
adam sandler 's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
wait to see it then .
a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
it 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
if only it had the story to match .
a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
director douglas mcgrath takes on nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
a great script brought down by lousy direction .
what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
-lrb- lee -rrb- treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
i ca n't recommend it .
femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
they just do n't work in concert .
- spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
you 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
`` analyze that '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
the basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
no cute factor here ... not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady 's direction is prosaic .
woefully pretentious .
here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
woody , what happened ?
curiously , super troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
... the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
and second , what 's with all the shooting ?
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , hollywood moments to keep us
it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
... a pretentious mess ...
each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
an incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh 's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
but they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
cassavetes thinks he 's making dog day afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .
in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
did we really need a remake of `` charade ? ''
the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
`` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
there 's only one way to kill michael myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
... too sappy for its own good .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
terminally brain dead production .
this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
but it would be better to wait for the video .
thoroughly awful .
puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
dramatically lackluster .
mctiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
the master of disguise represents adam sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` unfaithful . ''
every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
it 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
the colorful masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
there 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
the action clichés just pile up .
if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
could n't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
... a bland , pretentious mess .
no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest ` tron ' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
but rather , ` how can you charge money for this ? '
they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
there 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
unlike trey parker , sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
an artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
has none of the crackle of `` fatal attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 weeks '' , or even `` indecent proposal '' , and feels more like lyne 's stolid remake of `` lolita '' .
all of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness .
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
when your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
i did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
the trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
though jones and snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
this is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
... for all its social and political potential , state property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
in the end , there is n't much to it .
no laughs .
it 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
the script ?
an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
dignified ceo 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
the movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- i doubt it would be all that interesting .
comes off like a bad imitation of the bard .
a fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
the heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -lrb- this -rrb- meandering and pointless french coming-of-age import from writer-director anne-sophie birot .
kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
a major waste ... generic .
instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
lame sweet home leaves no southern stereotype unturned .
patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
you 'll cry for your money back .
it is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
not once does it come close to being exciting .
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
a lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles french , japanese and hollywood cultures .
unwieldy contraption .
a bad movie that happened to good actors .
whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
and it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it 's pauly shore awful .
a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
a portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
seems like something american and european gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
the plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
it takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what tuck everlasting is about .
everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
while the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how sand developed a notorious reputation .
not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
it labours as storytelling .
the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
-lrb- macdowell -rrb- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
a high-minded snoozer .
pc stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
where this was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , that is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
... what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of variety .
the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard -lrb- which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog -rrb- is that it 's not as obnoxious as tom green 's freddie got fingered .
it 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
the inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
a decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
a dreary movie .
this is not a jackie chan movie .
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
the story really has no place to go since simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
an authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
the film is all over the place , really .
the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
nothing about this movie works .
the biggest problem i have -lrb- other than the very sluggish pace -rrb- is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
far too clever by half , howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
if you saw benigni 's pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
it 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
pascale bailly 's rom-com provides amélie 's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -lrb- but -rrb- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
` god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
but it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
it 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
an awful lot like one of -lrb- spears ' -rrb- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
a movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
... a pretentious mess ...
there 's ... an underlying old world sexism to monday morning that undercuts its charm .
a supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
an unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
the acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum 's good intentions .
i 'd rather watch a rerun of the powerpuff girls
instead of trying to bust some blondes , -lrb- diggs -rrb- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
an empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
i 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i do n't see the point .
been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
in any case , i would recommend big bad love only to winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's forget paris .
unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
the story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad 's wallet .
the film is flat .
will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr. besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms. shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
once one experiences mr. haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
a characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
the story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than i 'd care to count .
but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
naipaul fans may be disappointed .
it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
a doa dud from frame one .
i can imagine this movie as a b & w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
an infuriating film .
kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
it sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
when it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
it 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
enough said , except : film overboard !
in other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
well made but uninvolving , bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
if hill is n't quite his generation 's don siegel -lrb- or robert aldrich -rrb- , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
it does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
... in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
... a confusing drudgery .
a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products . . .
there 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
everything about girls ca n't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
despite juliet stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
all the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` in space , no one can hear you snore . '
viewers of barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
you could hate it for the same reason .
the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
it 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
the crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
an opportunity missed .
two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
a grating , emaciated flick .
it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
one ca n't shake the feeling that crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for britney 's latest album .
the château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
the logic of it all will be greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
but they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
ice cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
disjointed parody .
and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
it 's quite diverting nonsense .
adam sandler 's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
the film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
vulgar is too optimistic a title .
-lrb- evans is -rrb- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
if you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
` butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of jez butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
first-time director joão pedro rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -lrb- teen comedy -rrb- genre a bad name .
in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
it 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
it 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
on a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
-lrb- toback 's -rrb- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
but here 's a movie about it anyway .
for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` saving private ryan '' battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
an acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to mcdonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
you can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
there 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
this is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
for all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
that 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` dragonfly . ''
i have a confession to make : i did n't particularly like e.t. the first time i saw it as a young boy .
-lrb- johnnie to and wai ka fai are -rrb- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among american action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
there 's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr. drew barrymore .
if you go , pack your knitting needles .
but one thing 's for sure : it never comes close to being either funny or scary .
rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
yet another genre exercise , gangster no. 1 is as generic as its title .
should have gone straight to video .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
with or without ballast tanks , k-19 sinks to a harrison ford low .
friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
kung pow is oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
without resorting to camp or parody , haynes -lrb- like sirk , but differently -rrb- has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
-lrb- ferrera -rrb- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky 's diaries .
this familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
filmmakers dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann area headed east , far east , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of german jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
what i saw , i enjoyed .
miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
the cat 's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich ...
-lrb- the film -rrb- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
compellingly watchable .
a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
perhaps the best sports movie i 've ever seen .
an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
a film of delicate interpersonal dances .
if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .
an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
a memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
it 's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
and , thanks to the presence of ` the king , ' it also rocks .
this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` requiem for a dream . '
it 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , -lrb- harris -rrb- brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging sandeman .
it 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
but what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
ferrara 's best film in years .
michel piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
`` nicholas nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` a christmas carol '' out in the theaters this year .
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
though nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
but it 's worth the concentration .
so vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted rembrandt .
bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ?
the komediant is a tale worth catching .
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
this is pure , exciting moviemaking .
the problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
somehow ms. griffiths and mr. pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me -lrb- horrors ! -rrb-
time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
there are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -lrb- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -rrb- , but `` elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
-lrb- there 's -rrb- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
one of the greatest films i 've ever seen .
it 's that good .
the leanest and meanest of solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
the observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
the series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
god bless crudup and his aversion to taking the easy hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
his work with actors is particularly impressive .
the first bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
ryan gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
it 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
i know that i 'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
it 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
that haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
more intimate than spectacular , e.t. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
the movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
a powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger .
the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group ... and never fails to entertain .
steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
if you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
this enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
there is greatness here .
most haunting about `` fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
more concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , soderbergh 's solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
as part of mr. dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
exhilarating but blatantly biased .
as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .
foster and whitaker are especially fine .
this is a very funny , heartwarming film .
the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of russian history .
there 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a hollywood career , if they want one .
more of the same from taiwanese auteur tsai ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
but darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
an uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from american cinema .
even though it 's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
it 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
what 's next ?
a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
it 's burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
it 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
like kubrick , soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
this film is so different from the apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see samira makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned .
claude chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi 's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
my little eye is the best little `` horror '' movie i 've seen in years .
robert harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
-lrb- jeff 's -rrb- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
the script is smart , not cloying .
ultimately , `` mib ii '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen -lrb- vega -rrb- and juni -lrb- sabara -rrb- cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
it 's worth taking the kids to .
but the actors make this worth a peek .
beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
birthday girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
it 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan 's unique directing style .
even if you 've seen `` stomp '' -lrb- the stage show -rrb- , you still have to see this !
one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
but while the highly predictable narrative falls short , treasure planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
the beauty of alexander payne 's ode to the everyman is in the details .
an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... the château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
henry bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
if you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
it 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
if the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
a wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
the all-french cast is marveilleux .
slight but enjoyable documentary .
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
but not without cheesy fun factor .
hardly a film that comes along every day .
australian actor\/director john polson and award-winning english cinematographer giles nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia 's true emotions ... but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
if a big musical number like ` praise the lord , he 's the god of second chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
the production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i 've had in a while .
viva le resistance !
engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
even the digressions are funny .
boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
a quaint , romanticized rendering .
if anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
as quiet , patient and tenacious as mr. lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
-lrb- kline 's -rrb- utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
a thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
this amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as greenfingers ...
the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
writer \/ director m. night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
mr. koshashvili is a director to watch .
an eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` spy kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
manages to delight without much of a story .
yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
there 's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
a charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
at its best , it 's black hawk down with more heart .
despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
it 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .
daring and beautifully made .
the film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
zoom !
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
jeffrey tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
the leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
it 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
the most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of sergio leone 's flawed but staggering once upon a time in america .
familiar but utterly delightful .
like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling -lrb- murder by numbers -rrb- delivers a magnetic performance .
both damning and damned compelling .
daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
worth a look as a curiosity .
the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
it 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
and thanks to kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
it 's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
though it runs 163 minutes , safe conduct is anything but languorous .
that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
`` extreme ops '' exceeds expectations .
a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
reign of fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
bon appétit !
it 's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
world traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -lrb- director phillip -rrb- noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
in addition to hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
brown sugar signals director rick famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in african-american cinema .
he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
and there 's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
with dickens ' words and writer-director douglas mcgrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
a compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
finally , the french-produced `` read my lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
a moving , if uneven , success .
the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
it 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
the actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
as a film director , labute continues to improve .
good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
spiderman rocks
your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
i liked it just enough .
strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
dense , exhilarating documentary .
it 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
a remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
according to wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini dv , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
there 's a lot of tooth in roger dodger .
the performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
this is an exercise in chilling style , and twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
you wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
several of steven soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
it lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
one of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
it 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
a three-hour cinema master class .
the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
the hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth bullock and the nonchalant grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
a quirky comedy set in newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on the rock .
captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese .
shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski 's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it 's actually watchable .
the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with washington the actor .
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... there is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
my wife is an actress works as well as it does because -lrb- the leads -rrb- are such a companionable couple .
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
the gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` the lord of the rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director peter jackson 's expanded vision of j.r.r. tolkien 's middle-earth .
birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
the art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
while general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
a complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
like the best of godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
the movie 's seams may show ... but pellington gives `` mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
if you answered yes , by all means enjoy the new guy .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
carrying off a spot-on scottish burr , duvall -lrb- also a producer -rrb- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
on that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
its sheer dynamism is infectious .
the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
it 's a great performance and a reminder of dickens ' grandeur .
a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
yes .
at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -lrb- depending upon where you live -rrb- , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
ludicrous , but director carl franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
although estela bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
it 's up to -lrb- watts -rrb- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
a lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
it is a likable story , told with competence .
alarms for duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
nicks refuses to let slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
the son of the bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
works , it 's thanks to huston 's revelatory performance .
this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
the film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
quietly engaging .
a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
me without you has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
jonathan parker 's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
it 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
this is dicaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
the bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
for all its problems ... the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
i like it .
knows how to make our imagination wonder .
walter hill 's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros. .
it 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
an escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
`` birthday girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
a moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
a deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
the film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
best indie of the year , so far .
i 've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
if you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
a surprisingly funny movie .
if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
the film is insightful about kissinger 's background and history .
witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
that storytelling has value can not be denied .
a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc .
the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
i walked away from this new version of e.t. just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s.c. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
williams creates a stunning , taxi driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
a marvel of production design .
enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
it is scott 's convincing portrayal of roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
proves a servicable world war ii drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
according to the script , grant and bullock 's characters are made for each other .
terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
by turns very dark and very funny .
cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
prepare to marvel again .
director lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
in fact , even better .
for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` spider-man '' certainly delivers the goods .
k 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
a surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
it turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
a touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
not as good as the full monty , but a really strong second effort .
poignant and funny .
does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
